Update list.md (#1016)
crweiner/hacktoberfest-swag-list: docs/list.md

- **Issues**: Find issues in the [goose Hacktoberfest 2025 Project Hub](https://github.com/block/goose/issues/4705).
- **Notes**: [Check out the goose Hacktoberfest 2025 blog post for full details](https://block.github.io/goose/blog/2025/09/26/hacktoberfest-2025/) and the [pinned Hacktoberfest issue](https://github.com/block/goose/issues/4705).

### L

#### **LambdaTest**  

> - **Swag**: Amazon vouchers (up to $10 or $20) and LambdaTest licenses (90 days)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Swag**: Amazon vouchers (up to $20) and LambdaTest licenses (90 days)
```

> - **Requirements**:
>   - Register for [Hacktoberfest 2025](https://hacktoberfest.com)
>   - Submit merged pull requests to [LambdaTest's participating repositories](https://github.com/LambdaTest/lambdatest-hacktoberfest-2025#-projects-you-can-contribute-to)
>   - 3 merged contributions: Amazon vouchers (up to $10) + 90-day LambdaTest license
>   - 5+ merged contributions: Amazon vouchers (up to $20) + 90-day LambdaTest license
>   - PRs must be merged by October 31, 2025

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Requirements**:
		- Contribute to the participating repositories by fixing bugs, improving documentation, or adding features.
		- 3 merged contributions: Amazon vouchers (up to $10) + 90-day LambdaTest license
		- 5+ merged contributions: Amazon vouchers (up to $20) + 90-day LambdaTest license
```

> - **How to sign up**: Register at [Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.com), then contribute to LambdaTest repositories. Join [LambdaTest Discord](https://discord.gg/nTsCr6Dr) for support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **How to sign up**: Register at [Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.com).
```

> - **Issues**: Find issues labeled `Hacktoberfest` or `good-first-issue` in the [participating repositories](https://github.com/LambdaTest/lambdatest-hacktoberfest-2025#-projects-you-can-contribute-to)
> - **Notes**: Check the [LambdaTest Hacktoberfest 2025 repository](https://github.com/LambdaTest/lambdatest-hacktoberfest-2025) for complete rules, contribution guidelines, and the full list of participating projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Issues**: Find issues labeled `Hacktoberfest` or `good-first-issue` in these participating repositories.
				- [LambdaTest/testcafe-browser-provider-lambdatest](https://github.com/LambdaTest/testcafe-browser-provider-lambdatest)
				- [LambdaTest/lambdatest-gradle-plugin](https://github.com/LambdaTest/lambdatest-gradle-plugin)
				- [LambdaTest/lambdatest-buildkite-plugin](https://github.com/LambdaTest/lambdatest-buildkite-plugin)
				- [LambdaTest/wdio-lambdatest-service](https://github.com/LambdaTest/wdio-lambdatest-service)
- **Notes**: Check the [LambdaTest Hacktoberfest 2025 repository](https://github.com/LambdaTest/lambdatest-hacktoberfest-2025) for more details.
```
